all right hello YouTube I'm now local
recording because I just found something
interesting and Devil May Cry this is
gonna be really weird for the stream
viewers but oh well
alright so program data where is this C
program data program dates is not here
probably because I've got the hidden
stuff still hidden how can I change this
hidden stuff
okay yeah something is very interesting
it's all being done off screen for the
moment but stats
okay all right
interesting times see
what's wrong with this picture what's
wrong with this picture
yeah so apparently it kind of gets worse
the DMC file save file is called DMC
five underscore save oh boy that's
interesting isn't it it's gonna be
awkward when they if they ever come out
with an actual DMC 5 now isn't it
because they've already called this one
DMC 5 fantage commence yeah so the title
of this video is DMC save files are DMC
I don't know what to say that's just
incredible when I first saw that on my
search I was like what that's not right
how how does Capcom do this like I'm
being 100% for real
how does Capcom and Ninja Theory do this
i well on YouTube
I guess leave a like or something I
don't know but yeah that was the save
files for DMC they're called DMC five
what a twist